# NiT Board Meeting 6/11/2020

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Continue working with OKCU to get the account setup
    * ~~Modifying alert email for nativesintech.org so that it uses a different domain in case of DNS issues~~
        * Netlify has Adam’s backup
    * Work with Erin on setting up a password manager
* Erin
    * ~~Update by-laws so that submitter is an implicit approver~~
    * Think out a spec for how the process should work, specifically for the case where there’s disagreement.
    * Review bylaws and propose a method for making our initial changes including where we can keep our minutes :)
* Coty
    * ~~Create a template for the meeting notes to use until we develop a process for them~~
    * For virtual hangout, look into creating a group (email alias) and having people sign up. After that, create an invite with Google Meet.
        * I didn’t get to this. Moving to next meeting.
* Nick
    * ~~Find a date for sessionize crash course~~
        * ~~https://zvite.co/i/yJ3KrBf9~~
    * Buy domain for bynatives.io
        * Asked if this is the TLD we want to use
    * Push nativeownedbusiness UI  to netlify

### Updates

* Adam
    * I talked with Ben Trevino with Code for America and we are looking to do a partnership with them at some point. We will continue to talk about what we need to do going forward
    * I am going to look and see where we can get funding so we can hire an executive director, will look for a grant writer to start doing all this. We need to start a doc with what we’re expecting of them so that we can all contribute and then find someone to fit the need.
    * I have played around with updating the NiT website, fixed up the awesome 2.0 page but still need to add more pages such as donation page, conference home page, and conference by year page. It’s nearly done but just needs some more polish
    * Added the NiT blog which is hosted on Ghost CMS (Thanks to Nick)
    * Trying to get a medallion
    * We made a statement on BLM, could also make an announcement on the website as well
    * Tested out sessionize
* Nick
    * Give sessionize crash course
    * Buy domain for bynatives.io !
    * Push nativeownedbusiness UI  to netlify
* Coty
    * We’ve decided to use Markdown and submit minutes to be accepted via PRs, so will start doing that. We will use a Google Doc for collaborative editing during the meeting and then convert to markdown and submit.
    * Looking for a Native person to do some website maintenance/facelift work on trianglenative.org. We have a grant to pay someone, so looking for interested parties to submit. I was supposed to be working on it, but it’s been difficult to get feedback, etc. and there’s no pressure from them nor am I getting paid for it so it’s taking a back seat.

### Meetings Notes

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Continue working with OKCCU to get the account setup
    * Continue to push forward NiT 2.0
    * Look for a grant writer
    * Propose themes for next NiT Conf
    * Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)
* Nick
    * Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)
* Coty
    * Think about and come up with some ideas for adding nonprofit organizational information to the website
    * For virtual hangout, look into creating a group (email alias) and having people sign up. Then after that, create an invite with Google Meet.
    * Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)
