# Board Meeting 10/08/2020

## Agenda

### Attendance

*   Adam
*   Nick
*   Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

*   Adam
    *   ~~Create a shared team file on keybase to share passwords (or some other way) Ended up using 1password~~
    *   Finalize CFP for Natives in Tech Conf 2020 and publicize it
    *   Set up a strategy meeting for end of Sept to talk about the overall goals of NiT

*   Erin
    *   Accept invitation to Open Collective
    *   ~~Collaborate with Adam on password sharing~~

*   Nick
    *   ~~Native owned businesses work~~

*   Coty
    *   Create a Google Form to get emails from members interested in joining the membership list and send out in \#general.
        *   Still not done :(
    *   For the next meeting I'll create a markdown template for the meetings so that we can edit directly in a branch and approve after the meeting to cut Google Docs out altogether.
        *   See
            [*https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/8*](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/8)
        *   I think we're going to abandon that because it's too
            difficult to collaborate on GitHub.

### Updates

*   Adam
    *   Reaching out to people to help with NiT Conf 2020
        *   Thinking about having it pre-recorded as opposed to live
        *   Goal is to get this stuff out by EOM
        *   Reach out to speakers directly
    *   Collaborating with Eli and Jay on rebrand of NiT site
        *   Working through designs and feedback
        *   Eli might write an article about what inspired the rebrand
    *   Looked into trademarking NiT new logo
        *   Lots of lawyer speak
    *   Sent out two articles
        *   Ian Many Horses
        *   Jeff Doctor
    *   NCAI Youth program person
        *   I might speak at a program they are doing
    *   Spoke and recorded with the Many Turtles Podcast

*   Nick
    *   Updated Ghost
    *   Fixed Ghost issues related to subscriptions
    *   Updated DO droplet size and made a backup

*   Coty
    *   Looking at creating a professional chapter for AISES in RDU

### Meetings Notes

### Action Items

*   Adam
    *   NiT Conf CFP!
    *   Setup January meeting to discuss NiT goals

*   Nick
    *   Look into setting up vpn for NiT

*   Coty
    *   Create a Google Form to get emails from members interested in joining the membership list and send out in \#general.
