# NiT Board Meeting 03/11/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty
* Michael Running Wolf From Indigenous in AI

### Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * ~Make a recurring donation of $150 to open collective~
    * ~Set up an hour long meeting with Erin to go over budget items~
* Erin
    * We have a doc about how we do Robert’s Rules of Order. We need to revise the document a bit to underscore the importance of making sure that we do the needful before our next meeting (i.e. accept meeting minutes prior to the meeting). We shouldn’t be able to leave questions open (which is what Robert’s Rules of Orders provides structure for).
* Nick
    * ~Brief Erin on the state of Native owned Businesses on next Sunday meeting~
    * ~Get business editing merged~
    * Donate my dues && more
* Coty
    * ~Create Google Form for signups for NiT meetups. Request email, full name, and nation.~
        * ~We should be able to automatically add them to the list when accepted rather than copying strings around.~

### Updates

* Adam
    * I am started giving a monthly recurring donation of $150 to Open Collective
    * Michael is joining us to discuss Indigenous in AI. Focused a lot on Natural Language processing and Indigenous languages.
        * https://indigenousinai.org/
        * Seeking a fiscal sponsor, but eventually targeting becoming their own nonprofit, to fund travel sponsorships.
        * Fiscal host on OpenCollective, we can take a percentage, but at this point we are thinking 0%, and then maybe 5-10% in 2022, then by 2023 they’re looking to have their own nonprofit to handle this.
        * Should write a blog about this partnership.
    * Transferring our account to either Novo Bank or Mercury (all online) and away from Azlo Bank
    * New blog article about our social media manager Shea Vassar: https://blog.nativesintech.org/new-social-media-manager-natives-in-tech/
    * NiT Meetup coming up on Saturday at 2pm CST by Natalie Contreras on switching careers to the tech industry. Our last meeting was a great success and you can find it on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SIZ5e31niLk
    * Vadon Foundation is trying to make a connection for us that allows us to continue to work with Nucamp
    * Code.org is looking to work with us to help them create computer science video content with more Native representation. I am meeting with someone next week to go over the ideas they have.
    * Sent out speaker honorarium to 4/7 speakers. I hopefully will have this done by the end of the month. We will probably begin discussions around the next conference soon
    * Met with Jordan Skye Paul of Pinterest to discuss a potential partnership related to getting the word out about positions for their new Canadian office. Met with her this week and might meet again next week to discuss further
    * Met with Mozilla Builders representative to discuss a partnership opportunity around mentorship and collaboration with Mozilla Builder alumni
    * Met with Gina Rodriguez to create a site that lists existing Native ERGs. Gina is working on the design and I will work on the implementation
* Nick
    * Native Owned Businesses
        * Made more feature progress!
        * Businesses basically feature complete for v1
        * Started database durability / maintenance / best practices sprint
    * Setup meeting with Fed Gov
* Coty
    * Accepted all outstanding PRs
    * Changed default branch name from ‘master’ to ‘main’
    * Need to submit new PRs for Jan-Mar minutes (after tonight)
    * Talked a bit about independent contractor and tax stuff
    * Short conversation about cultural appropriation and ideas on how to address those situations

### Meetings Notes

* Erin has resigned from the board, effectively February. We will need to find a new Treasurer.

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
* Nick
    * Bynatives
        * Finish database maintenance
        * CSS Polish
        * Plan launch-hackathon and data entry!
* Coty
    * Put together an announcement that we are seeking to fill our Treasurer position on the board. Target would be initially internal (slack group) and if we don’t get responses within the allotted time (two weeks) we can make a larger announcement via Twitter or something.
        * Point the bylaws, mention RRoO stuff Erin was working on
        * Write a brief more practical roles and responsibilities document for the position. Some experience with 1099-MISC would be nice since we now have an independent contractor. In OpenCollective you can also provide notes and updates, which may be nice for a Treasurer to do.
        * Will have the board review comms before going out
    * Donate my dues
