# NiT Meeting 12/05/2019

### Attendance

* Adam Recvlohe
* Coty Sutherland
* Erin Spiceland
* Alex Clemmer

### Notes

* We need to pick bylaws and then choose a time for a first meeting
* The only way to donate presently is via PayPal.
    * https://opencollective.com/ is another option for taking $$$
* Bylaws examples can be found [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/u/4/folders/1N1qk-jNa_nQkqtIU0FNK1DjFbBGTVt60) and [here](https://www.apache.org/foundation/bylaws).

### Updates

* Adam
    * Coding Dojo wants to offer ten scholarships via NiT. The goal for Adam is that for each person that goes through the program that they emerge with a network wherever they are; local people to help and mentor them. This should also help us grow our membership.
    * Coding Dojo also offered to work with their PR department to help us with the marketing aspects of our delivery.
    * Planning for NiT Conf 2020 is still ongoing. Adam reached out to River Spirit Casino in Tulsa to figure out the cost of renting a space there. Current goal is figuring out costs.
        * Alex: We should keep in mind what we want our experience for the speakers to be. Think about remote speakers vs on site speakers and use that as an indicator for cost.
        * Rough conference layout was two days. Day one: registration and welcome reception. Day two: opening and closing keynote speakers. Three tracks of five speakers.
        * The Conference Committee is driving all of these initiatives and making decisions so far.
    * Received $80 from private donors, and may have another $1k incoming.
    * Working on getting an account setup at a Credit Union in OK.
    * Open Source software projects. Some apps are hosted on DigitalOcean, which costs money, but the website runs on Netlify.
        * Should we develop an RFP process to contribute to the GitHub organization and allow them to use our DO resources? We need to protect ourselves from potential exploitation and keep operating costs as low as we can.
        * We should define a standard that all of the repositories in the GitHub organization follow; i.e. requiring Code of Conduct, CONTRIBUTING guide, etc.
* Nick
    * Mostly finished the frontend and some search functionality for Native Owned Businesses project
        * working on source control / publishing so we can all contribute this weekend
    * meant to ask about comtitjons if coding dojo
        * Want to each out to the American Indian Community House in NYC wondering if they had any people who would perhaps want to apply to Coding Dojo

### Action Items

* Adam
    * In Progress Open bank account with Credit Union
    * Look at https://opencollective.com/ and/or figure out how to allow recurring donations in PayPal.
    * Ask Andrea to attend this meeting to deliver Conference Committee report
    * Done - Look at Freedcamp and see about creating a KanBan board to track action items.
    * Done - Update January’s meeting date to January 9th instead of January 2nd.
* Alex
    * Create a document to include some bylaws examples and some research.
    * Grab a bylaws template that we can begin to work on and shape the bylaws that we will use.
* Erin
    * Think about how you’d like to contribute in your role on the board for next meeting so that we can have an idea of what time, talents, and treasures we have available in the group.
