# NiT Board Meeting 02/11/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Erin
* Nick
* Coty

### Accept Outstanding Pull Requests

In this section we will read through the pull requests and bring action items from there that we are unable to work through. Then we can address the questions in our minutes and have a record of that conversation too.

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Opening up a nonprofit account for NiT. Still need to do this!
* Erin
    * Approve meeting PRs
* Nick
    * Approve meeting PRs
    * Carry on with NoB stuff
* Coty
    * Approve meeting PRs

### Updates

* Adam
    * Vadon Foundation wants to move forward with a proposal that involves working with TCU’s
    * Native Owned Businesses is still going along. Had a meeting with Nick to scope work for version 1.0
    * First NiT meetup was a success. Next one is this Saturday at 2pm CDT with Natalie Isable Contreras. Getting a lot of emails of Natives in tech who want to join
        * We will create a Google Form to accept these requests rather than manually doing so.
    * Working with Roo on funding and we are planning on doing a funding matching campaign for indigemoji
    * Shea Vassar is doing a great job as the social media person. Really helping us to grow our following on social media like Twitter
    * We have a few job postings on the NTiT board
        * Created a hook to rebuild site every day
* Erin
    * None
* Nick
    * Same as Adam WRT Native Owned Businesses / ByNatives
        * Configured domain finally
        * Authentication
        * Cloudflare
* Coty
    * PRs are all updated, need review again.
    * Changing the default branch from master to latest main.
    * Received one update on the google form for subscriptions to the list since Dec :(

### Meetings Notes

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Make a recurring donation of $150 to open collective
    * Set up an hour long meeting with Erin to go over budget items
* Erin
    * We have a doc about how we do Robert’s Rules of Order. We need to revise the document a bit to underscore the importance of making sure that we do the needful before our next meeting (i.e. accept meeting minutes prior to the meeting). We shouldn’t be able to leave questions open (which is what Robert’s Rules of Orders provides structure for).
* Nick
    * Brief Erin on the state of Native owned Businesses on next Sunday meeting
    * Get business editing merged
    * Donate my dues && more
* Coty
    * Create Google Form for signups for NiT meetups. Request email, full name, and nation.
        * We should be able to automatically add them to the list when accepted rather than copying strings around.
