# NiT Board Meeting 7/2/2020

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Erin
* Nick
* Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Continue working with OKCCU to get the account setup
        * Still not accepting new accounts, as of today
    * Continue to push forward NiT 2.0
        * Spent some time last night, updated it a tiny bit
    * Still looking for a grant writer
    * Propose themes for next NiT Conf, maybe have multiple tracks
        * Innovative Software
        * Culture and Language
        * IoT
    * ~~Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)~~
* Nick
    * ~~Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)~~
* Coty
    * Think about and come up with some ideas for adding nonprofit organizational information to the website
        * Example: https://www.apache.org/foundation/
        * https://www.apache.org/foundation/records/minutes/
    * ~~Review Erin’s RRO [proposal](https://github.com/nativesintech/nonprofit-governance/pull/4)~~

### Updates

* Adam
    * Spoke with Ben Trevino with Code for America and he wants to do a collaborative project on thislandistand
    * Spoke with Angelica Sanchez of Limeade and they want to do a collaboration where I, or someone from NiT, speak to them about NiT during an internal hackathon
    * Spoke with Arthur Smid on Slack and he is also submitting a proposal to work with Code for American on native-governments-search
    * Spoke with Pat Connoly about localization and Big Blue Button and learned some new things
    * Going to finish up NiT v2 this month so I can just get it done. The conference page will not be done but at least I will have something
    * I reached out to Alex (?) and Ian Many Horses to submit an article for NiT based on interview questions
    * Wrote an article for the blog about receiving resources from NiT
* Nick
    * Published initial codebase for Native Owned Businesses frontend
* Coty
    * For virtual hangout, look into creating a group (email alias) and having people sign up. Then after that, create an invite with Google Meet.
        * Create a membership@nativesintech.org group and let folks subscribe to it.
        * @all ping in Slack once or twice with sub link
        * In August we can send out an invite to chat, we can decide this next meeting.
* General
    * Adam replied to [this](https://www.reddit.com/r/IndianCountry/comments/he0hnl/would_anyone_be_interested_in_learning_to_code/) reddit post.
    * Idea about setting up a jobs board that we could potentially use to generate some revenue for the org.

### Meetings Notes

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Meet and set up 1Password with Erin.
    * Try to finish NiT v2 website by the next meeting.
    * Start working on Conference CFP
* Erin
    * Create another PR to add language about new rules of order to the bylaws and procedure for publishing minutes.
* Coty
    * Convert all the meeting minutes from Google doc to Markdown, submit PRs in the governance repo for each, and request approval from the board to review and accept.
    * Create membership@ group in G Suite and ping Slack with subscribe link
