# NiT Board Meeting 04/16/2020

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Coty
* Nick
* Erin

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Erin
    * Use github to host minutes
        * Incomplete
    * Create repos
        * Done
        * nonprofit-governance
    * Add bylaws and minutes
        * Incomplete

### Updates

* Adam
    * OCC (Oklahoma Central Credit Union) is not opening new accounts. We will need to wait for covid-19 to pass until we can do this
    * Need to start ramping up on the conference and getting the word out. We should start with the Call for Proposals.
    * Suspending working with Coding Dojo until after covid-19
    * I still need to send in the 990 ez e-card, but this has proven to be challenging. Might work with someone on it.
    * Working on v2 of NiT website. Got help from Paulie which was a boost. Just need to keep making strides
* Nick
    * More progress made on Native Owned Businesses
        * Connected frontend and backend
        * Admin panel and DB
        * Not 100% yet but close
    * Quiet otherwise
* Coty
    * Not much going on for me.
    * Changes to Secretary role in bylaws. Amend “in a book to be kept” to something explicitly digital.
        * Should change this from ‘book’ to ‘version control in git’.
    * We mentioned a bylaws amendment to replace all gender-specific terms with gender-neutral terms. Are we still interested in doing that?
* General
    * Email to hello@ about being a coding mentor for a student?
    * Should we have a mentoring@ email for future instances of this?

### Meetings Notes

* For meeting minutes, we will have the Secretary submit a PR to the governance repository and the other three members have to review and sign off on the minutes to accept them. @Adam will need to change the notification settings for PRs so that we all get notified for PRs to review. To make the GitHub process match the bylaws we’ll need to amend the bylaws.
    * AI: think out a spec for how the process should work, specifically for the case where there’s disagreement.
* During the COVID-19 situation we’re considering options to increase community engagement, including streaming some live coding on twitch (or something) with opportunities for people to ask questions during your working session.
* Bylaws say we need a majority vote (according to Article XI, Section 2), but we don’t have the ability to accept our minutes at the moment because we haven’t defined what a “book”, which is referenced in the bylaws. So we need to vote on language for how we accept minutes. After this, we can submit a PR to change pronouns in the bylaws.
* Differences between NiT on GitHub and the nonprofit part of NiT.

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Update github (nonprofit-governance) repo so that a PR has 3 reviewers
    * Check with OKCU and verify that they aren’t associated/supporting the fossil fuel industry
* Erin
    * Update by-laws so that submitter is an implicit approver
    * Think out a spec for how the process should work, specifically for the case where there’s disagreement.
    * Review bylaws and propose a method for making our initial changes including where we can keep our minutes :)
* Coty
    * Provide a new agenda format to ensure we’ve consistent
* Nick
    * Schedule webinar to train on tech we’re using (like Sessionize) sometime this month
    * Over the next month consider having a livestream of one of us (probably Adam) coding giving attendees a chance to ask questions during the working session.
    * Create working group channel for Native Owned Business forward progress
