# NiT Board Meeting 01/21/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Erin
* Nick
* Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * ~Add 2FA code and how you get it from Azlo~
        * Azlo going out of business
    * Create swag bag for Ana and Diversify Tech
        * Maybe someone else can take this project on
    * ~Work with Anjala to document her experience~
        * Documenting might be too much for her
    * ~Prep for NiT planning proposal~
        * Doc is available: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1NRsnApyRlJ4W-7W3_MnIcamhPiCFzQoQ6gv-pNVmb4U/edit?usp=sharing
* Coty
    * ~Wrap up the announce list form and drop that in #general~
        * Still haven’t done this, was waiting for consensus on the questions we’re asking?
            * Done.
* Nick
    * None

### Updates

* Adam
    * Met with Vadon Foundation about a proposal between Nucamp and NiT. Vadon did not seem too interested in the program being a funneling mechanism for Nucamp. I think I will approach them later in the year about funding unrelated to Nucamp
    * Azlo is shutting down :(. Need to find a replacement bank account for us.
    * Worked with Nick and NOB app. Made some progress
    * Getting funding from a lot of people whether from open collective or the jobs board
    * Hired someone to do our social media on a monthly basis. Her name is Shea Vassar and she is a citizen of the Cherokee Nation
    * Meeting with another funder on Friday (1/22/2021) to help with funding:
        * ThisLandIStand.app
        * Indigemoji
        * NOB
        * Etc.
    * 1st NiT Meetup is this Saturday!
    * Created a Reddit for some reason
* Erin
    * None
* Nick
    * Did day-long hackathon with Adam to significantly progress Native Owned Businesses
        * DB Refactor
        * Domain hooked up
        * Designer contacted
        * Several pages added
    * Started working on pan-caribbean indigenous / Taino encyclopedia
* Coty
    * Looking into diversity and inclusion efforts in the Fedora project and other open source communities that we may be able to get Indigenous volunteers involved in

### Meetings Notes

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Opening up a nonprofit account for NiT
* Erin
    * Approve meeting PRs
* Nick
    * Approve meeting PRs
* Coty
    * Approve meeting PRs
