# NiT Board Meeting 04/01/2021

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty

### No Outstanding Pull Requests To Review

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
        * Did not get to this, will work on for next meeting
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
        * Did not get to this, will work on for next meeting
* Nick
    * Bynatives
        * ~Finish database maintenance~
        * ~CSS Polish~
        * ~Plan launch-hackathon and data entry!~
* Coty
    * ~Donate my dues~

### Updates

* Adam
    * Attended NSF grant webinar and talked about ways in which non-Natives can work with Natives in the technology education space (partnered with AISES)
    * Met with Code.org and talked about a partnership with them and also (I think) I am going to be working with them on creating content with Native representation
    * Launched NiT en Español! Thanks to Natalie Conteras for helping on translations!
    * Met with Nick a week ago and worked a bit on the NOB app
    * Moved everything over from Azlo to Mercury and closed Azlo account
    * We met with Presidential Innovation Fellows and shared their information with the community
    * Talking Points
        * Questions from people outside the community should be forwarded to the forum and then shared on Twitter (with the help of a bot)
        * Passing on responsibilities so I can have more time for cultural stuff
* Nick
    * Finished all above bynatives tasks,
    * Published v1(ish) of bynatives
* Coty
    * Working with his company to try and sponsor AISES’ national conference, and possibly Natives In Tech too

### Meeting Notes

* Jordan Naylor spoke to the group about an opportunity to provide feedback on a report that Harvard business is working on to make tech more accessible to Native peoples that will be shared to tech companies and CEOs. Some of the asks are:
    * What do we need tech companies to do to make the industry more accessible for Native and Indigenous communities?
    * Share the report with Indigenous communities and take the comments and feedback back to the committee.
* Jordan will send us an email with more information

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Create working agreement between Natives in Tech and Indigenous in AI
    * Write article with the help of Shea about the partnership between NiT and IiAI
* Nick
    * Ready to soft launch, but we should plan that out
        * Find 30+ businesses
* Coty
    * Put together an announcement that we are seeking to fill our Treasurer position on the board. Target would be initially internal (slack group) and if we don’t get responses within the allotted time (two weeks) we can make a larger announcement via Twitter or something.
        * Point the bylaws, mention RRoO stuff Erin was working on
        * Write a brief more practical roles and responsibilities document for the position. Some experience with 1099-MISC would be nice since we now have an independent contractor. In OpenCollective you can also provide notes and updates, which may be nice for a Treasurer to do.
        * Will have the board review comms before going out
    * Create PR for previous meeting minutes :(
