# NiT Board Meeting 01/09/2020

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam Recvlohe
* Nick Sahler
* Coty Sutherland

### Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Bank account update (Oklahoma Central Credit Union)
        * Received information back from Oklahoma Central Credit Union
        * They need IDs of board members
        * IDs received
            * Erin
            * Nick
            * Adam
        * IDs needed
            * Alex
            * Coty
            * Lydia
    * Recurring donations update
        * We will use Patreon for now as a means to collect monthly donations: https://www.patreon.com/nativesintech
    * Conference Committee Report
        * I have not met with conference volunteers but my recommendation is that we have another remote conference so that we are not burdened with the stress of launching an onsite conference with few volunteers
* Alex
    * Example by laws update
* Erin
    * Individual contributions update
* Nick
    * Native American Owned Businesses App
        * UI is mocked
        * BE - Postgres and GraphQL
        * FE - Deploy Node app (Vue.js)
    * AIWPN (American Indian Women of Proud Nations)
        * Stalled for a bit but discussions are still ongoing
* Coty
    * Nothing much new for NiT :(
    * [Triangle Native American Society](https://trianglenative.org/) had first meeting where I was seated as their VP, so I’ll be sorting out what my responsibilities of that role are
    * Lunch and Learn for at work with a speaker from the [Tomaquag Museum](https://www.tomaquagmuseum.org/) later this month
    * Planning STEM camp for our tribal youth for sometime in the Spring this year for grades K-12. I’ve secured paper circuit kits (like https://www.sparkfun.com/products/14655) from my employer to use!

### New Items

* Adam
    * Received $1K donation from Benevity Causes
    * Registered organization with Amazon Smile (smile.amazon.com): https://smile.amazon.com/ch/84-2374343
    * Going to do more writing on the progress of NiT as well as NiT repos
        * Added a NiT license repo: https://github.com/nativesintech/indigenous-oss-license
        * Added a NiT template repo: https://github.com/nativesintech/template
        * Will update other repos as I have time
        * Wrote out a roadmap for the v2 of NiT website
    * Working with Diana Varnes of Techlahoma on the Coding Dojo initiative
        * Craft questions to ask candidates
        * Reach out to colleges (IT, Tribal) to reach candidates
    * Started a NiT-Techlahoma channel on Slack
    * Need to add Netlify logo to NiT website so we can continue to get it for free
* Nick
    * Donating to Indian Land Tenure Foundation (ILTF)
    * Reach out to them about possible projects
    * Reach out to those working on the Taino symposium at the Smithsonian

### End of Meeting Action Items

Todos: https://freedcamp.com/Board_Nsq/Board_Initiative_Skx/todos

* Everyone
    * Add image to Freedcamp
* Alex
    * Submit examples of by laws
* Adam
    * Collect IDs from board members remaining to submit ID
        * Alex
        * Lydia
    * Update README for repos
        * treaties
        * rfc
    * Communicate to conference volunteers goal of this year’s conference
    * Add netlify logo to NiT website about page
    * Create repo with docs for potential podcast
    * Open up 2FA for Nick
    * Send out recording to team
* Coty
    * Try and setup ghost on cms.nativesintech.org in a DO droplet for nativesintech.org v2.0
