# NiT Board Meeting 05/07/2020

### Agenda

### Attendance

* Adam
* Coty
* Nick
* Erin

### Action Items from Previous Meeting

* Adam
    * Update github (nonprofit-governance) repo so that a PR has 3 reviewers
        * Done!
    * Check with OKCU and verify that they aren’t associated/supporting the fossil fuel industry
        * They don’t invest in the fossil fuel industry per their email response
* Erin (skipped due to unavailability)
    * Update by-laws so that submitter is an implicit approver
think out a spec for how the process should work, specifically for the case where there’s disagreement.
    * review bylaws and propose a method for making our initial changes including where we can keep our minutes :)
* Coty
    * Provide a new agenda format to ensure we’ve consistent.
    * I’ll create a template for this agenda.
* Nick
    * Schedule webinar to train on tech we’re using (like Sessionize) sometime this month
    * Over the next month consider having a livestream of one of us (probably Adam) coding giving attendees a chance to ask questions during the working session.
    * ~~Create working group channel for native owned business forward progress~~

### Updates

* Adam
    * Documentation for the NiT GitHub org
    * Muscogee Language Foundation
        * Slack
        * 501(c)(3) status
        * Elders in the chat
    * Added more people to the GitHub organization - https://nativesintech.org/awesome
    * Natives Who Design
        * Setup a starter project on Netlify through NiT org
    * Version 2 of NiT website is still going (slowly but surely)
* Erin
    * Setup a password manager set up at some point
    * Do we need a power of attorney, or anything like that for the bylaws?
    * New domain should have an email owner with a domain that’s different than the domain in case of DNS issues so you still get alerts :)
* Nick
    * NativeOwnedBusiness is still in progress
* Coty
    * Opensource101.com free tickets for underrepresented groups
* General
    * Maybe doing a social call with the #general channel at some point to get to know folks
    * Make an announcement in the channel and try and see what time is best for everyone
    * Monthly
    * Create a google group for interested folks and then create a meeting

### Meetings Notes

* Talked a bit about acceptance of meeting minutes from the last meeting and determined that we just continue tracking minutes in documents as we’ve been doing, and will switch to the new process once it’s developed.

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Continue working with OKCU to get the account setup
    * Modifying alert email for nativesintech.org so that it uses a different domain in case of DNS issues
    * Work with Erin on setting up a password manager
* Erin
    * Update by-laws so that submitter is an implicit approver
    * Think out a spec for how the process should work, specifically for the case where there’s disagreement.
    * Review bylaws and propose a method for making our initial changes including where we can keep our minutes :)
* Coty
    * Create a template for the meeting notes to use until we develop a process for them.
    * Look into creating a group (email alias) and having ppl sign up. Then after that, create an invite with Google Meet.
* Nick
    * Find a date for Sessionize crashcourse
    * Buy domain for bynatives.io !
    * Push nativeownedbusiness UI to netlify
