# NiT Meeting 09/04/2019

### Attendance

* Adam Recvlohe
* Nick Sahler

### Creek language

* Paying for data entry
* Just working on getting all words in
* In future will work on translation

### Mayan language project

* Got IIIF server running

### AIWPN.org

* Dev environment is up, still a work in progress

### Native Owned Businesses directory

* Nick is working on this

### MMIW

* Interest in starting a conversation on a MMIW resource hub and channeling resources to that

### Netlify open source

* Free webapp hosting (!!!)

### Conference

* Nov 9.
* Mark Kirk canâ€™t make it 
* Need to send template to speakers
* Figure out Twitch.TV
* Zoom, discord?

### NDN Collective

* https://ndncollective.org/grants-fellowship/ndn-changemaker-fellowship/
    * Possibly use this to bootstrap some more

### Action item for next meeting:

* Formalize board operations including voting @Adam R
* One call a month at least (edited) @Adam R
* start #mmiw channel (!) @Adam R
* Inquire to Andrea and AIWPN on direction @Adam R
