# NiT Board Meeting 12/03/2020

### Agenda

Start Time: 20:05 ET<br>
End Time: 21:05 ET

### Attendance

* Adam
* Nick
* Coty

### Action Items from Previous Meeting
* Adam
    * ~Review NiT Governance PRs~
    * ~Put backup codes for all 1password logins on keybase~
        * Google (nativesintech@gmail.com)
        * Twitter (@nativesintech)
* Erin
    * Review NiT Governance PRs
* Nick
    * ~Review NiT Governance PRs~
* Coty
    * Drop link to subscription form into #general after it’s reviewed in board
        * Had some conversations about this, working on the form a bit to give more context.
    * ~Create Keybase account~

### Updates

* Adam
    * NiT Conf 2020 is in the books
        * Special thanks to Ana Hobden for helping to make it happen
        * Recordings on YouTube channel
        * Ana plans to add closed captioning
        * Show appreciation!
    * We have accepted Anjala (Anjie) Gonzalez (Prairie Band Potawatomi) into the Coding Dojo / NiT program. She will start Jan. 11th.
        * Document her experience
    * Added additional content to our Open Collective
        * We’ve gotten a ton more donations
    * Giving Tuesday
        * Social media campaign that brought in a few hundred dollars which is really good
        * We were boosted by Diversify Tech who has 11K+ followers
    * Coding Dojo partnership has extended to the Jan 25th cohort
        * Outreach on blog and social media campaign
    * Met with Roo (Catawba) today to discuss funding opportunities. There is roughly $5K that we want to split amongst different open source projects
        * Native Owned Businesses
        * Indigemoji
        * Corpora
        * This Land I Stand
        * Hack-a-thon
    * Looking at expenses and seeing where we can save money
        * Going to take the creekdictionary project off of the NiT DO account and put it on my own, saving $5 or so a month
    * Indigneous AI folks might use us as a fiscal host for a short amount of time until they get their own stuff setup. I said this was okay and that they can use us as a fiscal host if they go through Open Collective
    * Going to meet with Caera from NorQuest College (Canada) about how we can partner
    * A Cloud Guru has reached out to me that they want to use us as an organization that employees can give donations to
    * Jay finally got stickers and is going to send them out soon once he takes a picture and we can collect addresses from people
    * Natives Owned Businesses will meet soon to discuss future plans
    * Nick helped me figure out the issue with Ghost CMS not sending emails to subscribers!
    * Ana Hodben told me that Vercel, creators of NextJS, might be interested in helping host our project. Fingers crossed that we can take full advantage of their platform
    * Met with Natalie Aguilar who can help us with setting up a monthly meetup
    * Setup recapcha on NiT contact page so we get less spam
    * Everyone should be able to access critical accounts with 1Password now, if not let Adam know
    * Shared a document with everyone about what plans we have for next year
* Nick
    * Progressed indigemoji quite a bit via a refactor
    * Bug fixes on our mailing list and ghost configuration
    * Have not progressed on NoB

### Meetings Notes

* We’ve had some conversations about how to express appreciation for people that are really helping us out. Will do some brainstorming on Slack for this. We want to put together a swag bag with NiT stuff but also a culturally relevant gift (we could purchase from local Native folk to give which supports the local ecosystem).

### Action Items

* Adam
    * Add 2FA code and how you get it from Azlo
    * Create swag bag for Ana and Diversify Tech
    * Work with Anjala to document her experience
    * Prep for NiT planning proposal
* Coty
    * Wrap up the announce list form and drop that in #general
